[TW-1553] Create overview for /docs/writing-scripts/script-references (#5378)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/writing-scripts/script-references/test-examples.md

    url: "https://www.postman.com/postman/workspace/test-examples-in-postman/overview"
---

> You can use test script examples for various scenarios. Learn how to make assertions, validate response structure, and troubleshoot common test errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page provides test script examples for various API testing scenarios in Postman. You can use these test scripts in your request to parse respond data and make assertions. You can also use these scripts to validate response structure and troubleshoot common test errors.
```

To write your first test script, open a request in Postman, then select the **Tests** tab. Enter the following JavaScript code:

```js
pm.test("Status code is 200", function () {
  pm.response.to.have.status(200);
});
```

> This code uses the `pm` library to run the `test` method. The text string will appear in the test output. The function inside the test represents an assertion. Postman tests can use [Chai Assertion Library BDD](https://www.chaijs.com/api/bdd/) syntax, which provides options to optimize how readable your tests are to you and your collaborators. In this case, the code uses BDD chains `to.have` to express the assertion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This code uses the `pm` library to run the `test` method. The text string will appear in the test output. The function inside the test represents an assertion. Postman tests can use [Chai Assertion Library BDD](https://www.chaijs.com/api/bdd/) syntax, which provides options to optimize how readable your tests are to you and your collaborators. In this case, the code uses BDD-style `to.have` chains to express the assertion.
```
